How far back should I begin this story?
Though even if you get tired of listening
I won't let you tell me it's over
I bring with me an unconscious impulse that I scribbled down-
If everything ends up broken
I can begin again form the impossible
There's a reason that we came across in this world
There's a reason that we caught a magnetic wave
As we hurt one another, where is this world headed?
So, the reason i cry for the sake of love
Is because you're right here
And I'll continue calling out to only you
The reason I sing for the sake of love
And the fact we will keep surviving together
Is because I'm always...with you
I looked to the blue sky, and the sea below looked like
A serene mirror
No matter where you are
No matter what form you take
No matter what era you're in
I'll find you
So, shall we?
Let's oppose this fate hanging in midair
There's a reason that we came across in this world
There's a reason that we caught a magnetic wave
Pulled toward one another, where are we headed?
So, the reason i carry on for the sake of love
Is because you're right here with me
And I'll continue protecting only you
The reason I wish for the sake of love
And the fact no one will be hurt by it
Is because you're always...by my side
We'll overcome all of this world's hatred
So abandon all you false justice!
So, the reason I cry for the sake of love
Is because you're right here
We'll always be together
The reason...the reason I carry on for the sake of love
Is because you're right here with me
And I'll continue protecting only you
The reason I wish for the sake of love
And the fact we'll keep surviving together
Is because we'll always...
00:04:21,760 --> 00:00:00,000
We'll always be together